#Ben Zagurski
#10/24/21
#https://www.unjustlyexposed.com
                                                              #Review of Sharon Daniel’s Exposed
####“Exposed” by Sharon Daniel is a project that collected statements from prisoners exposed to the spread of covid inside of prison. The data points collected in this project show a trend of prisons not providing adequate health care and safety measures for inmates. Furthermore, this project details the hardships as a result of the quarantine. 

####	When you first click into the webpage, you are met with an introduction. This intro serves as the title page and contains the modules “about”, “statement”, “what we can do”, and “credits.” As you might expect, the “about” module gives an explanation of the Exposed project. The “statement” module explains the context behind this project. From the beginnings of quarantine in 15th century Venice, to the racially motivated use of solitary confinement in the modern American prison system, the “statement” module answers the “why” question of the project. The “what can we do” module offers helpful tips on how the reader can help to fix mass incarceration, which is an effect of and one of the causes of a broken prison system. Primarily, this passage tells the readers to write a letter to their governor. Finally, the “credits” module lists the people involved with the project and the data sources used. The latter consists of the “UCLA Law COVID-19 Behind Bars Data Project,” “The COVID Prison Project,” “The Marshall Project State-by-State Look at Coronavirus in Prisons,” “Vera Institute of Justice.”
####The project itself consists of large text and accompanied audio of inmates talking about the effect of Covid on prisons. These statements are time stamped, and you can see the response of prisons to the spread of Covid. At no point was the pandemic handled well by the American prison system. Early on, a majority of the grievances regarded a poor medical response to reported symptoms, as well as overcrowding, lack of visits, and isolation. Later, in 2021, complaints became more focused around the lack of vaccines available for inmates.
####I found this digital humanities project to be eye opening. This point of view wasn’t one that I had considered. In terms of its execution. The main function is easy to use and very informative. To choose a specific entry, you simply have to scroll through the dates at the bottom. One aspect that I wish was included was categorization by type of complaint. If there was a dropdown menu that had options such as “lack of vaccines” and “overcrowding,” the data would be easier to access. That being said, the minimalism of this site’s composition allows the reader to focus on the message. Furthermore, there is excellent information for readers that would like to get involved located under the module labeled “what we can do.” All in all, this is an effective DH project.
####“Exposed” by Sharon Daniel is a very interesting and effective project that informs about a pressing issue. Issues arising from mass incarceration, specifically concerning the effect of Covid in prisons are ones that are should concern everyone. Sharon Daniel does an excellent job of portraying the urgency of this situation in this DH project.
